# open-sourcing

This repository records who the designated owners are for open-source repostories at Digital Catapult and contains material for creating/editing open-source projects.

## License

The Apache v2.0 [license](resources/LICENSE) is included here for reference. To use this license you will need to set the copyright year and owner and remove the relevant section of the `APPENDIX` that documents this process. This license is the same as that at [http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt) and that generated by Github when adding an Apache v2.0 license.

## Code-of-conduct and contributor guidelines

This repository contains two files [CONTRIBUTING.md](resources/CONTRIBUTING.md) and [CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](resources/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) that **MUST** be included in the root of any repository that is being open-sourced. The following substitutions should be made to the markdown:

1. `{PROJECT_NAME}` should be replaced by the name of the project that includes that repository as an element, for example `WASP`.
2. `{PROJECT_MODULE_NAME}` should be replaced by the repository name

## Issue templates

Issue and pull request templates are included in the [resources/.github](resources/.github) directory of this repository. It is advised that these are included in any repositories to be open-sourced but it is not required. If they are not used further modification to the contributor guidelines will be required to fix missing links.

## Updating Repository ownership

As per the open-sourcing policy all repositories must have specified owners (product and code) and these must be registered by a pull-request process to this repository. This pull-request should modify the [owners.json](owners.json) file adding/modifying an entry with a repository name as it's key (exclusing the org). For example:

```json
{
  "example-repository": {
    "product-owner": "octocat",
    "code-owners": [
      "example-user-account",
      "octocat"
    ]
  }
}
```
